# packages in environment at C:\Users\lohdi\miniconda3\envs\myenv:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
altgraph                  0.17.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
amply                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aom                       3.4.0                h0e60522_1    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               21.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py310he2412df_2    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     22.1.0             pyh71513ae_1    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.11.1             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
bleach                    5.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h8ffe710_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h8ffe710_7    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h8ffe710_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.9.24            h5b45459_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.9.24          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1          py310hcbf9ad4_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.0           py310h8a704f9_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.19            py310h5588dad_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 0.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.8                h39d44d4_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    5.1.0           gpl_h36dc936_101    conda-forge
flit-core                 3.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.0               hce3cb01_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.33.3          py310he2412df_0    conda-forge
freeglut                  3.2.2                h0e60522_1    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h546665d_1    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_6    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          ha2e2712_1008    conda-forge
glib                      2.70.2               h7755175_4    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.70.2               h7755175_4    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.20.3               he07aa86_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.20.3               hdff456e_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h0e60522_0    conda-forge
imageio                   2.21.1             pyhfa7a67d_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4          py310h5588dad_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2022.1.0          h57928b3_3787    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.15.1             pyh025b116_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.4.0           py310h5588dad_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jasper                    2.0.33               h77af90b_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.1             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
joblib                    1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h8ffe710_1    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0           py310h5588dad_7    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.11.1          py310h5588dad_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.3           py310h476a331_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h1176d77_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 h2a16943_0    conda-forge
lerc                      3.0                  h0e60522_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0              15_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h8ffe710_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h8ffe710_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h8ffe710_7    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0              15_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libclang                  14.0.6          default_h77d9078_0    conda-forge
libclang13                14.0.6          default_h77d9078_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.12                 h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h8ffe710_5    conda-forge
libglib                   2.70.2               h3be07f2_4    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 he774522_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0              15_win64_mkl    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0              15_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h8ffe710_1    conda-forge
libopencv                 4.5.5           py310he958ad5_12    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h1d00b33_2    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.20.1               h7755175_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h8d14728_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h2ed3b44_1    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h0e60522_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.2                h57928b3_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.2                h8ffe710_1    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              hcd874cb_1004    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               hf5bbc77_3    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.35               h34f844d_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h8ffe710_1    conda-forge
lxml                      4.9.1           py310he2412df_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h8ffe710_1    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libgfortran     5.3.0                         6    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs            5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs-core       5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gmp                 6.1.0                         2    conda-forge
m2w64-libwinpthread-git   5.0.0.4634.697f757               2    conda-forge
macholib                  1.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1           py310he2412df_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.5.2           py310h5588dad_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.2           py310h79a7439_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py310he2412df_1005    conda-forge
mkl                       2022.1.0           h6a75c08_874    conda-forge
msys2-conda-epoch         20160418                      1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.6.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            6.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          6.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  2.8.5                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook                  6.4.12             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.0          py310h8a5b91a_0    conda-forge
opencv                    4.5.5           py310h5588dad_12    conda-forge
openh264                  2.3.0                h0e60522_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                hb211442_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1q               h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.3           py310hf5e1058_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.19                 h57928b3_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h0e60522_0    conda-forge
pefile                    2022.5.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.1.1           py310h767b3fd_1    conda-forge
pip                       22.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.30             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.30               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.1           py310he2412df_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hcd874cb_1001    conda-forge
pulp                      2.6.0           py310h5588dad_1    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-opencv                 4.5.5           py310hbbfc1a7_12    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyinstaller               5.1             py310h3cefddf_0    conda-forge
pyinstaller-hooks-contrib 2022.13            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.4          py310hbabf5d4_1    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.9.0          py310h8a704f9_1    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.18.1          py310he2412df_1    conda-forge
python                    3.10.5          h9a09f29_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    2_cp310    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.2.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pywin32                   303             py310he2412df_0    conda-forge
pywin32-ctypes            0.2.0           py310h5588dad_1006    conda-forge
pywinpty                  2.0.7           py310h00ffb61_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0             py310he2412df_4    conda-forge
pyzmq                     23.2.0          py310h73ada01_0    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.4               h467ea89_2    conda-forge
qtconsole                 5.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qtconsole-base            5.3.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.1.1           py310h4dafddf_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.9.1           py310h578b7cb_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.11.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.11.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                62.6.0          py310h5588dad_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.5.1           py310h8a704f9_2    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.3.2.post1        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.39.0               h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.13.2          py310h2873277_0    conda-forge
svt-av1                   1.2.0                h0e60522_0    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.5.0             h2d74725_1    conda-forge
terminado                 0.15.0          py310h5588dad_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1             py310he2412df_3    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022a                h191b570_0    conda-forge
ucrt                      10.0.20348.0         h57928b3_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              14.0.0          py310he2412df_1    conda-forge
vc                        14.2                 hb210afc_6    conda-forge
vcopt                     1.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
vs2015_runtime            14.29.30037          h902a5da_6    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.6.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
winpty                    0.4.3                         4    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h8ffe710_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  h2d74725_3    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                hcd874cb_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                hcd874cb_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h62dcd97_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h8ffe710_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                h0e60522_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h8ffe710_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h6255e5f_1    conda-forge
